docs: add video to web ring (#1873)
npmx-dev/npmx.dev: app/pages/blog/alpha-release.md

    title: 'Collaborating with npmx',
    authorHandle: '43081j.com',
    description: 'How the e18e community is collaborating closely with npmx to make best practices more visible and accessible to everyone in the ecosystem.'
  },
  {
    url: 'https://youtu.be/NoC5U6F6p4Y',
    title: 'The npmjs.com that developers deserve - What is npmx? (video)',
    authorHandle: 'thealexlichter.com',

>     description: 'An introductory video that shows Alex's favorite features of npmx and the open-source idea behind it.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: 'An introductory video showcasing Alex's favorite features of npmx and the open-source idea behind it.'
```
